[Notify] Swift docs updated (#1368)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3wallet/notify/usage.mdx

<PlatformTabs activeOptions={["ios","android", "react-native"]}>
<PlatformTabItem value="ios">

> Method will return an array of NotifyMessageRecord objects that indicates current notify messages state. This do not include old messages that isn't loaded yet. Userful for displaing initial notifications view state. For more info about pagination check `fetchHistory` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Method will return an array of NotifyMessageRecord objects that indicates current notify messages state. This do not include old messages that aren't loaded yet. Useful for displaying initial notifications view state. For more info about pagination, check `fetchHistory` method.
```

</PlatformTabItem>
</PlatformTabs>

## Fetch messages history (Pagination)

<PlatformTabs activeOptions={["ios","android", "react-native"]}>
<PlatformTabItem value="ios">

> Method that fetch messages history and save it to SDK's database. When method async execution finished `messagesPublisher(topic: String)` will send event with actual notify messages for specific topic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Method that fetches message history and saves it to SDK's database. When async method finishes execution,  `messagesPublisher(topic: String)` will send the event with actual Notify messages for the specified topic. 
```

```swift
func fetchHistory(subscription: NotifySubscription, after: String?, limit: Int) async throws -> Bool
```

`subscription` - subscription for which message history is requested

> `after` - id of last message loaded

Reviewer: it might help to state that this property is optional

Author: It's already optional. Thanks
